Add GitHub services to webhooks migration info to enterprise platform admin tips (#2299)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/enterprise/platform-tips.md

The files are located at `/var/travis` on the platform machine. Please run `sudo tar -czvf travis-enterprise-data-backup.tar.gz /var/travis` to create compressed archive from this folder. After this has finished, copy this file off the machine to a secure location.

## Migrating from GitHub services to webhooks

Travis CI Enterprise initially used GitHub Services to connect your repositories with GitHub.com (or GitHub Enterprise). As of January 31st, 2019 [services have been disabled on github.com](https://developer.github.com/changes/2019-01-29-life-after-github-services/). Services will also be disabled on GitHub Enterprise starting with GitHub Enterprise v2.17.0.

> Starting with [Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5](https://enterprise-changelog.travis-ci.com/release-2-2-5-77988) all repositories that are activated use [webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) to connect and manage communication with GitHub.com/GitHub Enterprise. Older repositories that were activated prior to Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5 may still need to be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with [Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5](https://enterprise-changelog.travis-ci.com/release-2-2-5-77988) all repositories that are activated use [webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) to connect and manage communication with GitHub.com/GitHub Enterprise.

Repositories that were activated prior to Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5 may need to be updated.
```

> Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8 we provide a migration tool to automatically update any repositories still using the older method to instead use webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8 we provide a migration tool to automatically update any repositories still using the older method to instead use webhooks.
```
```suggestion
Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8, a migration tool to automatically update repositories is available. The migration tool will update the repositories connected using the deprecated GitHub services to instead use webhooks.
```

> Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8 we provide a migration tool to automatically update any repositories still using the older method to instead use webhooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8, a migration tool to automatically update repositories is available. The migration tool will update the repositories connected using the deprecated GitHub services to instead use webhooks.
```

To perform an automatic migration please follow these steps:

1. Open a ssh connection to the platform machine.
2. Run the following command:

```
travis bash -c ". /etc/profile; cd /usr/local/travis-api && ENV=production bundle exec ./bin/migrate-hooks <optional-year>"
```

> This will search for all active repositories that are still using GitHub Services and migrate them to use webhooks instead. You can also provide a year argument (e.g. `2017`) in the above command to only migrate repositories activated on Travis CI Enterprise during that year. This is recommended if you have a large number of repositories activated on your Travis CI Enterprise installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will search for all active repositories that are still using GitHub Services and migrate them to use webhooks instead. 

You can provide a year argument (e.g. `2017`) in the above command to only migrate repositories activated on Travis CI Enterprise during that year. 

If you have a large number of repositories activated on your Travis CI Enterprise installation, please run the migration several times, breaking it down per year. For example: 

```
travis bash -c ". /etc/profile; cd /usr/local/travis-api && ENV=production bundle exec ./bin/migrate-hooks 2019"

travis bash -c ". /etc/profile; cd /usr/local/travis-api && ENV=production bundle exec ./bin/migrate-hooks 2018"

travis bash -c ". /etc/profile; cd /usr/local/travis-api && ENV=production bundle exec ./bin/migrate-hooks 2017"
```

It's a lot longer, but hopefully it's a bit more clear?

Author: I like it! I made a slight modification in 3c8be1c4 to group the three example commands into one snippet box as I felt it read a little better but that's the only change.

Reviewer: Perfect - I tried doing that with the suggestion but it kept breaking formatting so ended up with the line by line formatting. This works a lot better. Thank you @philpeble!

The files are located at `/var/travis` on the platform machine. Please run `sudo tar -czvf travis-enterprise-data-backup.tar.gz /var/travis` to create compressed archive from this folder. After this has finished, copy this file off the machine to a secure location.

## Migrating from GitHub services to webhooks

Travis CI Enterprise initially used GitHub Services to connect your repositories with GitHub.com (or GitHub Enterprise). As of January 31st, 2019 [services have been disabled on github.com](https://developer.github.com/changes/2019-01-29-life-after-github-services/). Services will also be disabled on GitHub Enterprise starting with GitHub Enterprise v2.17.0.

Starting with [Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5](https://enterprise-changelog.travis-ci.com/release-2-2-5-77988) all repositories that are activated use [webhooks](https://developer.github.com/webhooks/) to connect and manage communication with GitHub.com/GitHub Enterprise.

Repositories that were activated prior to Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.5 may need to be updated.

> Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8, a migration tool to automatically update repositories is available. The migration tool will update the repositories connected using the deprecated GitHub services to instead use webhooks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting with Travis CI Enterprise v2.2.8, a migration tool to automatically update repositories is available. The migration tool will update repositories that are using the deprecated GitHub services to instead use webhooks.
```
